[Intro]
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I've been drawing as a hobby for as long as I can remember
and with that passion I wanted to pursue animation
all throughout high school.
Although in grade 12, I had a graphic design co-op,
which then made me realize that graphic design
was a better fit for me and it was what I
wanted to do in the future.
So overall, what inspired me to pursue graphic design
was my love for drawing and just my overall love for creating.
What is your dream company/studio to work with?]
I've always been a huge fan of Disney.
Their movies and shows have always been my favourite so,
if I could work with them in any way, shape, or form,
it would be a dream come true.
As for graphic design studios specifically,
I would love to work with Doublenaut in Toronto or Cinnamon Toast here in Ottawa.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
My favourite class all throughout the graphic design program was motion graphics
because it was all new material and I learned a lot in that class.
Also, it gave me a chance to do some animation, which was what I
originally planned on doing so
it was nice to have a taste of that area in design.
What is your favourite colour?]
My favourite color is yellow and it always has been
for as long as I can remember. My favourite shades
are the brighter yellows because they're so fun and happy.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
In my free time, I love to spend time with my family
and something that we love to do together is go camping.
It's really nice to spend time outside and go for a bike ride or go to the beach.
I've also started doing embroidery last year, which has been really fun
and it's been nice to learn something new.
[Outro]